1.Link to your project2 website in the URL section of your Github repo. url: https://tina513.github.io/project2_client/;

2.What the app does and how it works:
Tripcare is the personal trip reminder website. You can add you future trips, edit your trip, delete your trip and also take a look at your trips.
This app allows you to access not only your future trips, but also to access your past trips as well. And user can also search for their new trips
by their flight number, and if there is a match from flight database that someone else add that trip before, user can simple add that future trip
into their trip database, this will allow user to add trips without manually typing for all the informations. That is all because this app has a
really strong backend api which was builded many to many relation between users and flights; And this help users to access all different kind of
flights, which have been generated by other users.

4.List unsolved problems which would be fixed in future iterations:
I tried to add edit and delete button directly on my flight information panel, but that makes each panel have too much buttons, so I put them on the button;
So, I would like to take a look at how other people approach this layout and get some inspirations for better ui; And I also didn't do unit test and featuer
test for my backend. I really want to try it for my app.

5.Link to wireframes and user stories. Project wireframe: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18vuG0LcAsVUFlT1EHVSiiohz_M89ejm5TNOPuxeKX20/edit?usp=sharing

6.Link to the backend repo:
https://github.com/tina513/project2_api
